    What did one toilet say to the other?
    You look a little flushed.
        
    What did one ocean say to the other ocean?
    Nothing, they just waved.

    So I've always wondered something, but I finally discovered the answer the other day. Do you guys know why milking stools only have three legs?
    Because the cow has the udder. 

    So a man walks into a bar.
    he's an alcoholic and it's destroying his family. 

    How do crazy people navigate through the forest?
    They take the psycho path. 

    I've always wondered what makes holy water so holy. I went to a church recently, and talked to the pastor there. 
    Apparently what happens is they put it in a pot, and boil the hell out of it. 

    I was feeling thirsty, so I decided to get myself a glass of water. I took a glass, then went to the counter sink. For some strange reason, I didn't get any water!
    However, there is a nice cone-shaped hole in my glass. 

    I had an epiphany the other day. So, I ripped my watch off of my wrist and threw it off of my 15th floor balcony.
    I just wanted to see time fly. 

    What do Eskimos get for sitting on ice too long?
    Polaroids. 

    What do prisoners use to talk to each other?
    Cell phones. 

    At school the other day, my instructor gave the class a lecture on fasteners.
    It was quite riveting. 

    What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand?
    Quatro sinko. 

    What kind of people are always in a hurry.
    Russians 

    What's the difference between roast beef, and pea soup?
    Anyone can roast beef. 

    I plan on going hunting soon with a good friend. I told him I planned on catching some sort of unique animal, so I asked him for some tips.
    He told me if I wanted to catch something, unique up on it. 

    So I have a sort of handyman type of friend who's really into cars. Just the other day, he showed me the new supercharger in his car.
    I was surprised to see that he re-married so quickly. 

    Why wouldn't the lobster share his toys?
    Because he was shellfish. 

    But anyways, this guy, when it comes to fixing things, he's amazing. To the average joe, it may look like he's doing simple repairs, but some people even go as far to say that it's wreck-defying. 

    I was trying to come up with a good joke with a bed this morning. I'd tell you it, but I haven't made it yet. 

    So two flowers were out in the garden, basking in the sun. When suddenly, a seed drifted down into the garden! Suddenly, it plants, and then sprouts up a giant dandelion!
    He looks down on the flowers, and says, "Take me to your weeder." 

    So I went to the kosher deli the other day and asked for some tripe. They told me they don't carry it. When I asked them why, they answered "Because it's offal." 

    What happened to the grape whenever it got stepped on?
    It let out a little wine. 

    Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself?
    It was two tired. 

    Why do seagulls fly over the sea?
    Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels. 

    Where did they first make french fries?
    In Greece. 

    What kind of shorts do clouds wear?
    Thunderwear. 

    What happens when you can't pay your debts in Recettear?
    The game is Recette. 

    Why couldn't the pony give a speech at the banquet?
    it was a little horse 

    There was a big moron and a little moron sitting on a fence. Suddenly the big moron fell off! Why didn't the little moron fall, you ask?
    Because he was a little more on. 

    Why did the ram fall off the cliff?
    Because he passed the ewe turn. 

    I've worked at a rabbit farm for a while.
    It was hare-raising. 

    Why was the lonely dolphin suicidal?
    Because he had no porpoise in life. 

    Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
    Because he's a squealer. 

    Did you hear about the animator who killed himself?
    yeah, he couldn't draw his own breath 

    So there's this music shop in my town. The owner's a great guy, when a customer wants a violin, he always special orders it from Europe instead of ordering from local suppliers. 
    That's because he's against domestic violins. 

    What did the robotic harpsichordist say to his audience before departing at intermission?
    I'll be Bach 

    It has come to my attention that some people still have no idea how Ol' Dirty Bastard of the Wu-Tang Clan died. For fuck's sake, let me spell it out for you: M-E-T-H O-D, man. 

    The other day, I decided to eat eight quarters, two dimes, and four pennies.
    It was my lunch money 

    Why didn't the USSR invade america?
    They were Stalin 

    So I once knew a guy who is an exterminator. He won't be back. 

    What's an archeologist?
    Someone whose career is in ruins. 

    What did the constipated mathematician do?
    He worked it out with a pencil 

    A guy goes to the doctor, with a carrot up his nose. He's got a piece of celery in his other nostril, and a banana in his ear. He says,"Doc, I don't feel so good."
    The doctor says,"You're not eating right."

    What do you do with a scientist when he dies?
    You barium.
    
    I went to the zoo the other day
    There was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu
